[OSDOCS-5660] Added additional context to ROSA HCP documentation (#58031)
openshift/openshift-docs: snippets/rosa-hcp-rn.adoc

// Text snippet included in the following modules:
//
// * rosa_release_notes/rosa-release-notes.adoc

:_content-type: SNIPPET

> * With {product-title} 4.13, {product-title} allows you to create a {hcp} for ROSA cluster. This functionality offers a lower-cost reliable ROSA option for small-scale usage. For more information, see link:https://docs.openshift.com/rosa-hcp/rosa_hcp/rosa-hcp-sts-creating-a-cluster-quickly.html[Creating hosted control planes for ROSA cluster using the default options].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* With the latest version of {product-title}, {product-title} allows you to create a {hcp} for ROSA cluster. This functionality offers a lower-cost, reliable ROSA option. For more information, see link:https://docs.openshift.com/rosa-hcp/rosa_hcp/rosa-hcp-sts-creating-a-cluster-quickly.html[Creating hosted control planes for ROSA cluster using the default options].
```
